[OSP] MachineSet primary subnet support (#28303)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-osp-custom-subnet.adoc

Optionally, you can deploy a cluster on a {rh-openstack-first} subnet of your choice. The subnet's GUID is passed as the value of `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` in the `install-config.yaml` file.

This subnet is used as the cluster's primary subnet. By default, nodes and ports are created on it. You can create nodes and ports on a different {rh-openstack} subnet by setting the value of the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` property to the subnet's UUID.

Before you run the {product-title} installer with a custom subnet, verify that your configuration meets the following requirements:

* The subnet that is used by `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` has DHCP enabled.
* The CIDR of `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` matches the CIDR of `networking.machineNetwork`.
* The installation program user has permission to create ports on this network, including ports with fixed IP addresses.

Clusters that use custom subnets have the following limitations:

* If you plan to install a cluster that uses floating IP addresses, the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` subnet must be attached to a router that is connected to the `externalNetwork` network.

> [NOTE]

Author: ```suggestion
+
[NOTE]
```

Optionally, you can deploy a cluster on a {rh-openstack-first} subnet of your choice. The subnet's GUID is passed as the value of `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` in the `install-config.yaml` file.

This subnet is used as the cluster's primary subnet. By default, nodes and ports are created on it. You can create nodes and ports on a different {rh-openstack} subnet by setting the value of the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` property to the subnet's UUID.

> Before you run the {product-title} installer with a custom subnet, verify that:

Reviewer: > Generally, use a sentence to introduce a list that is not a procedure.

> Before you run the {product-title} installer with a custom subnet, verify that:

Author: ```suggestion
Before you run the {product-title} installer with a custom subnet, verify that your configuration meets the following requirements:
```

* The subnet that is used by `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` has DHCP enabled.
* The CIDR of `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` matches the CIDR of `networking.machineNetwork`.

> * The installer user has permission to create ports on this network, including ports with fixed IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The installation program user has permission to create ports on this network, including ports with fixed IP addresses.
```

Clusters that use custom subnets have the following limitations:

> * If you plan to install a cluster that uses floating IPs, the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` subnet must be attached to a router that is connected to the `externalNetwork` network.

Reviewer: > IP address noun
Use "IP address" or "Internet Protocol address", not "Internet address".
```suggestion
* If you plan to install a cluster that uses floating IP addresses, the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` subnet must be attached to a router that is connected to the `externalNetwork` network.
```

> * The installer does not create a private network or subnet for your {rh-openstack} machines if the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` value is set in the `install-config.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The installation program does not create a private network or subnet for your {rh-openstack} machines if the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` value is set in the `install-config.yaml` file.
```

> Generally, do not use a file name, file name extension, file type, or directory name as a noun.

Author: Resolving elsewhere.

> * The installer does not create a private network or subnet for your {rh-openstack} machines if the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` value is set in the `install-config.yaml`.

Author: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
The installation program does not create a private network or subnet for your {rh-openstack} machines if the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` value is set in the `install-config.yaml` file.
====
```

Optionally, you can deploy a cluster on a {rh-openstack-first} subnet of your choice. The subnet's GUID is passed as the value of `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` in the `install-config.yaml` file.

This subnet is used as the cluster's primary subnet. By default, nodes and ports are created on it. You can create nodes and ports on a different {rh-openstack} subnet by setting the value of the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` property to the subnet's UUID.

Before you run the {product-title} installer with a custom subnet, verify that:

* The subnet that is used by `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` has DHCP enabled.
* The CIDR of `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` matches the CIDR of `networking.machineNetwork`.
* The installer user has permission to create ports on this network, including ports with fixed IP addresses.

Clusters that use custom subnets have the following limitations:

* If you plan to install a cluster that uses floating IPs, the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` subnet must be attached to a router that is connected to the `externalNetwork` network.

> * The installer cannot create a private network or subnet for your {rh-openstack} machines if the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` value is set in the `install-config.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: `The installer cannot` or `The installer do not` ?

Author: My guess is that "does not" is more accurate. @iamemilio ?

Reviewer 2: yeah, you are right, sorry for my poor english.

> * The installer cannot create a private network or subnet for your {rh-openstack} machines if the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` value is set in the `install-config.yaml`.

Author: ```suggestion
* The installer does not create a private network or subnet for your {rh-openstack} machines if the `platform.openstack.machinesSubnet` value is set in the `install-config.yaml`.
```
